-Careful.
-Damn it.
Turn on the lights. There.
You're home!
I'm so relieved.
I'm not dreaming, am I?
Why don't you hit me?
Slap me. Here. Come on.
That hurts so much.
Do you know how much I resented you?
I know I told you to leave,
but how could you run like that
when you saw the dynamite?
What do you mean, run?
I was scared they might blow you up.
I was so scared my gorgeous Cheong-ya
might be blown to pieces.
Although the President ordered me
to kill them all,
I chose to retreat to save you.
God, do you know how sad I was?
I realized I was the only one
who could save myself.
So I decided to escape at all costs.
You did well. I've been thinking
how to get you out of there all this time.
Well done.
How could you let those spies
go wild like that?
Joining hands with the ANSP team leader
and shooting the ANSP director.
Those damn bastards.
How could they send such idiots
for the 300-million-dollar scheme?
They should've sent guys who would die
if their country told them to.
Instead, they sent
some soon-to-be traitor.
It must've been hard for you.
You did well.
Wash me. I want to take a shower.
Sure, sure. All right.
Let's go take a shower.
Let's go.
Dad…
Please… Dad…
-Thank you.
-Happy New Year.
Help the less fortunate.
I told you, the fortuneteller
promised to pick them out.
But the money must be sent to the North
as soon as the election's over.
We still have as many as six days left.
You're number two in the ANSP now.
You can find out
companies' confidential information.
If you use that much money,
you can even pull off a scam.
A scam?
You can make a 30% profit in a few days.
30% of 300 million dollars
is 90 million dollars.
With that much money,
we can buy a hundred of
those popular apartments in Apgujeong.
-A hundred?
-Yes!
If we snowball that money into a fortune,
who knows?
You might end up becoming the President.
The President?
Now that Nam Tae-il
got rid of Director Eun,
if you take care of Nam, why not?
You have a chance.
And the weapon you need
to trample on him is money!
I'm sorry, sir.
Those bastards
even strapped bombs
to Eun's daughter, all over her body--
Will you keep letting me down?
Sir, I should have told you this sooner.
I apologize.
But the truth is, because Director Eun
failed to keep his man under control,
an agent named Gang-mu
has joined hands with the spies.
On top of that, he has told the hostages
that this is the election scheme.